This repository contains examples of my code and their associated tests. The purpose is to demonstrate a variety of contexts and coding challenges.

In `snippets` are blocks of code designed to be portable.

`snippets.models.mixins.LambdaMixin` creates two TextFields -- `lambda_code` and `lambda_variables` and provides `_calculate` function to generate the appropriate value. Some models, such as an incentive compensation model, often have unique evaluation criteria for each compensation period. The `LambdaMixin` provides the means to include the necessary code to apply any unique criteria. The main code is simple:

    def _calculate(self):
        _calculator = eval(self.lambda_code)
        _inputs = self._input_list(self.lambda_variables)
        return _calculator(*_inputs)

The `_inputs` values are generated by `_attribute_lookup` which can also get any attribute associated in a related model, e.g. `self.profile.birthday`.

`custom_user` is a Django app which provides an email-based User model (called Participant herein). `custom_user` contains the necessary model, model manager, forms, and views to create a custom_user and authentic a user's login.

`snippets.number_generators` contains several generators (e.g., `count_generator`, `fibonacci_generator`, `prime_generator`, etc.), many of which are used to solve [ProjectEuler][PE] problems. After building several of these generators, I built `snippets.number_generators.generator_limiter` which handles many of the typical conditions which might be associated with implementing a generator, such as limit the generated numbers to some arbitrary condition (e.g. `limit = lambda x: x & 1`, which would yield only odd numbers), limit the generator to an arbitrary count (yield 10 values then stop), provide generated numbers in tuples of arbitrary length, or yield only the nth value. As a matter of style, I often use a generator provide a consideration set, then run the generator against some condition to provide a set of appropriate values.


 [PE]: http://projecteuler.net